Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

This Contributor License Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by the undersigned individual or entity (“Contributor”) 
and Talus Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any of its current or future subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or 
assigns (“Project Owner”), effective on the date the Contributor manifests assent in the manner described below.

1. Definitions. “Contribution” means any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an 
existing work, that is intentionally submitted by Contributor to the project currently released under the Apache License,
Version 2.0 (“Project”) by any means of electronic communication. “Submit” and “Submitted” have corresponding meanings.

2. Copyright Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Contributor hereby irrevocably assigns to 
Project Owner, and to Project Owner’s successors and assigns, a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully
paid-up, transferable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, 
sublicense, distribute, relicense, or otherwise exploit the Contribution, in source or object form, under (a) the Apache
License, Version 2.0, and (b) any other present or future open-source or proprietary license, whether on an exclusive 
or non-exclusive basis, including dual-licensing or re-licensing at Project Owner’s sole discretion without further 
notice to or consent of Contributor.

3. Patent Grant. Contributor hereby grants to Project Owner and its licensees a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, 
royalty-free, fully paid-up, irrevocable patent license to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and 
otherwise transfer the Contribution, alone or in combination with the Project or any derivative work thereof, under any 
patent claims owned or controlled by Contributor that would be infringed by the Contribution.

4. Moral Rights and Similar Rights. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Contributor waives and agrees not
to assert any “moral rights,” “droit moral,” or similar rights in the Contribution that could interfere with Project 
Owner’s exercise of the rights granted herein.

5. Contributor Representations. Contributor represents and warrants that (a) each Contribution is an original work or 
that Contributor otherwise has sufficient rights to grant the licenses and assignments set forth in this Agreement; (b) 
Contributor’s submission of the Contribution and the licenses granted herein do not, to Contributor’s knowledge, violate
any applicable law or breach any contractual obligation; and (c) Contributor is at least eighteen (18) years of age and
legally competent to enter into this Agreement, or, if acting on behalf of an entity, Contributor has the authority to
bind that entity.

6. No Obligation to Use. Nothing in this Agreement obligates Project Owner to use, integrate, or distribute any 
Contribution.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH ABOVE, CONTRIBUTOR PROVIDES THE CONTRIBUTION 
“AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

8. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF THE CONTRIBUTION, EVEN IF 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

9. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law that may 
result in the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than Delaware. To the extent that any lawsuit is 
permitted under this Agreement, the parties hereby expressly consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and 
venue of the appropriate state court or federal district court for the area in which the Company's headquarters is 
located.

10. Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the
Contributions. It may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties. Any waiver of a breach must be 
explicit and in writing.

11. Electronic Execution. Contributor agrees that electronic acceptance of this Agreement—whether via click-through 
mechanism, signed PDF, DocuSign, automated pull-request bot, or other electronic signature methods—constitutes a legally
binding signature. This includes clickwrap agreements presented at the time of code submission or account registration.
The parties agree that digital records of such acceptance are admissible to prove the existence and terms of this 
Agreement..
